1. Use wget ftp://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/coreutils/coreutils-7.6.tar.gz to
download the zip file

2. Use tar -xzvf coreutils-7.6.tar.gz to decompress the file

3. Use mkdir coreutilsInstall to make a folder where coreutils will be
installed

4. Change directories into coreutils-7.6.tar.gz by using cd
coreutils-7.6.tar.gz

5. From there run ./configure
--prefix=/u/cs/ugrad/yangzh/coreutilsInstall to configure the files
for installing, and to make sure it installs into the temporary
directory that we want

6. Then run make to compile all of the files

7. Then run make install to install the compiled files into
~/coreutilsInstall

8. Change directories into coreutilsInstall/bin using cd
~/coreutilsInstall/bin, because that's where the ls command is stored

9. Run ls -l in that directory to see that the date format is not
correct

10. Change directories into ~/coreutils-7.6 with cd ~/coreutils-7.6

11. Use wget
http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/bug-coreutils/2009-09/msg00410.html
to download a copy of the webpage with a patch in it

12. Copy the section with the patch

13. Create a new file called patch_file with emacs: emacs patch_file,
paste the patch into there, and then clean up the html leftoevers so
it's just the patch

14. Use patch -p1 <patch_file to patch the file

15. Type make to rebuild ls.c
make  all-recursive: this was run because it needed to check all of
the dependencies to see what was changed

make  all-recursive: this was run because it needed to go back to all
to check again

make  all-am: this was run to check which files were changed and
recompile them

make  all-recursive: this was run to once again check if anything
still needs to be recompiled

16. To check that the patch fixed the bug: first run cd
~/coreutils-7.6/src to change directories, then run ./ls -l to see
that it outputs the date in a correct format; then run cd
~/coreutilsInstall/bin to change directories into where the old version
was installed, then run ./ls -l there to see that the old version is
still outputing wrong dates

17. Testing the patched version on new and old files: while I was
testing the patched version (see above), there were files that were
created years ago and also files that were just created today by the
compiling process, so both were tested already

18. Testing the installed version on new and old files: change
directories into ~/coreutilsInstall/bin; run touch -t
201101311759.30 testTime to create a file that has a last modified
time of 2011; Then run ./ls -l to see that it outputs the wrong time
for both old files (the one we just made) and new files (all the other
files in that directory, since they were copied into there today).

19. 
